[rush-sdk] Use rush-lib from parent process (#3972)
microsoft/rushstack: libraries/rush-sdk/README.md

2. When authoring unit tests for a Rush plugin, developers should add **@microsoft/rush-lib** to their **package.json** `devDependencies`. In this context, **@rushstack/rush-sdk** will resolve to that instance for testing purposes.

> 3. For projects within a monorepo that use **@rushstack/rush-sdk** during their build process, child processes will use the version of Rush that invoked them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For projects within a monorepo that use **@rushstack/rush-sdk** during their build process, child processes will inherit the instance Rush that invoked them.  This is communicated using the `RUSH_LIB_PATH` environment variable.
```
